3.18 release blog (#1249)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2020/3.18/announcing-sourcegraph-3.18.md

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.18: Search across multiple revisions and non-master branches, custom search pages, campaigns now support GitLab, new C++ precise code intelligence"
author: Laureen Hudson

> publishDate: 2020-MM-20T10:00-07:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
publishDate: 2020-07-20T10:00-07:00
```

tags: [blog]
slug: sourcegraph-3.18
heroImage: /blog/3.18-release-blog-img.jpg
published: true
---

> We’re improving Sourcegraph universal code search continuously, to help you solve the Big Code problems you face, all day every day. Here's how we're doing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re improving Sourcegraph universal code search continuously, to help you solve the Big Code problems you face, all day every day. Here's what's new in Sourcegraph 3.18:
```

-   [Indexed non-master branches](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/indexed-non-master-branches)

>     Often, you need to search code that isn’t in your default branch, like long-lived release branches or important tags. In Sourcegraph 3.18, we now use an index on the default branch to speed up search operations, with the added capability to index branches other than the default branch.

Reviewer: - We've always used an index on the default branch to speed up search. That isn't new. The new part is the "added capability" mentioned here.
- "search operations" sounds redundant/awkward, kind of like "code search engine" vs "code search". Just saying "speed up search" is fine and more common.
- The value here is "you can search non-default branches much faster now". The indexing is just the "how", and I don't think we convey the value clearly here. I think the 2nd sentence here needs to make the point clearly, something like "You can now index multiple branches (not just the default branch) to make these kinds of searches much faster."

Author: done

-   [Search across multiple revisions](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/search-multiple-revisions)

>     You can now search across multiple revisions of the same repository by listing multiple branch names (or other revision specifications) separated by `:` in your query. This helps you understand the differences between code at different branches (especially for release branches that have diverged).

Reviewer: Instead of saying `separated by : in your query`, which I don't think people will understand ("where do I put the `:`?"), I would recommend just giving an example.

As for the canonical example of when this is useful, IMO it is "See all release branches that contain a particular bug so you can be sure to fix it in all the right places", not the example listed.

Author: You can now search across multiple revisions of the same repository by listing multiple branch names (or other revision specifications). For example, to search across multiple specific branches, you’d use something like `repo:myrepo@branch1:branch2:branch2` in your query. This helps you see all release branches that contain a particular bug so you can be sure to fix it in all the right places.

Author: done

Author: done

-   [Small but mighty new features](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/small-and-mighty-features)

>     Based on lots of feedback, we added support for campaigns in GitLab. We’ve also improved privacy feedback when adding repositories, and created custom search pages for Sourcegraph Cloud.

Reviewer: different tense: "We added" in first sentence vs "we've improved/created" in second sentence

Reviewer: "custom search pages" is already mentioned as a top-level feature in this post, so it shouldn't be mentioned again here.

Author: done

>     Sourcegraph 3.18 includes several small features that have a big impact. Based on lots of feedback, we added support for campaigns in GitLab. We’ve also improved privacy feedback when adding repositories, and created custom search pages for Sourcegraph Cloud.

Reviewer: The first sentence is a restatement of the "Small but mighty new features" title. I think the first sentence can be cut.

Author: done

-   [New C++ precise code intelligence solution](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/c-plus-plus-code-intel)

>     We wrote a new LSIF indexer based on clangd. This means that developers using C and C++ now have access to precise code intelligence. Developers using the original C++ LSIF indexer based on DXP will see noticeable improvements with this new implementation; faster than before, and now with hovers.

Reviewer: The `; faster than before, and now with hovers.` part of the sentence sounds weird to me. It is a sentence fragment. It would sound better if it was changed to something like `: it's faster and has hovers.`

Author: I liked preserving Garo's style there, but I'm happy to make the change.

Author: I liked Garo's voice here, but have changed.

>     We wrote a new LSIF indexer based on clangd. This means that developers using C and C++ now have access to precise code intelligence. Developers using the original C++ LSIF indexer based on DXP will see noticeable improvements with this new implementation; faster than before, and now with hovers.

Reviewer: What is DXP?

Author: Not sure; that's from @gbrik's original doc. I'll ask them when they're back.

Reviewer: I think it should be DXR, and DXP is a typo. See the slide notes at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OQHfWxnBN46GPqwjM2B0m6J_TGsqOefipVdypGefeIM/edit#slide=id.g8b138c1ab4_0_17 (and DXR is something I am familiar with, DXP is not). @efritz can confirm.

Reviewer 2: It should be DXR

Author: thank you!

Author: done, thank you

-   [Getting notified about the health of Sourcegraph is even easier](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/sourcegraph-health-notification)

>     Alerts are now delivered with detailed information, including links to potential solutions. Additionally, we now monitor container health and over/under provisioning in all deployment modes -- so you will even get alerts if Sourcegraph needs more resources or could do with less!

Reviewer: I would write "over-provisioning" and "under-provisioning", so I think it should be "over/under-provisioning" with a hyphen (instead of "over/under provisioning" with a space).

Author: done.

-   [Custom search pages on Sourcegraph Cloud](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/custom-search-pages)

>     This helps you search over code that is more relevant to you, and introduces you to interesting queries in the process. Additionally, communities can pick this up and have pages created specifically for them (for example, Kubernetes).

Reviewer: - `Additionally` is long and formal. `Also`? (Same comment applies to other places where we say `Additionally` in this and other posts.)
- In the linked blog post, it should say how members of a project community can request a page to be added.
- The first sentence feels inconsistent with the rest. Instead of saying "This helps you", why not just say "You can now" (as we do elsewhere)? The latter feels user-focused, the former feels Sourcegraph-focused.

I would propose rewriting this paragraph to be more specific. "Code that is more relevant to you" is abstract/general, "code for popular projects" is specific:

> You can now search all of the code for several popular open-source projects, such as Kubernetes and React, on project-specific search pages. We know many core team members of these projects use Sourcegraph, and this will help them spread the joy of code search to more contributors.

Author: done and done

Author: done

-   [Changelog](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@master/-/blob/CHANGELOG.md)

>     All the details for what changed and why, can be found here.

Reviewer: The comma after `why` feels weird to me. If it's needed for clarity, I would instead propose rearranging the sentence to not need a clarity fix. Something like `See everything else that changed.`?

Author: Here's where you'll find all the details for what changed and why.

I'm clinging to that phrasing because I want to make the point that there's a *why* not just a *what*. This shift moves you into thought leadership space, which where we cultivate interest.

Author: "Here's where you'll find all the details for what changed and why"

I'm clinging to this phrasing because when you make it clear that there's a *why* and not just a *what*, you inspire interest. That's thought leadership space, which is what we want.

>     Sourcegraph 3.18 has added new search pages that scope searches to a collection of repositories. This helps new users coming to Sourcegraph search over code that is more relevant to them, and introduces them to interesting queries in the process. Many communities will be excited to pick this up and have pages created specifically for them (for example, Kubernetes).

Reviewer: (Arguably?) different tense from above - "Sourcegraph 3.18 includes" vs. "Sourcegraph 3.18 has added".

Author: done

>     Sourcegraph 3.18 has added new search pages that scope searches to a collection of repositories. This helps new users coming to Sourcegraph search over code that is more relevant to them, and introduces them to interesting queries in the process. Many communities will be excited to pick this up and have pages created specifically for them (for example, Kubernetes).

Reviewer: First sentence is mostly a restatement of the title "Custom search pages on Sourcegraph Cloud". I think we can cut the first sentence, and then restate the rest by talking to "you" instead of about "new users".

Author: done

## Thank you!

Thank you to the many people who contributed to Sourcegraph since the last release!

-   [@Jaxkr](https://github.com/Jaxkr)
-   [@aisbaa](https://github.com/aisbaa)
-   [@abitrolly](https://github.com/abitrolly)
-   [@smaifullerton-wk](https://github.com/smaifullerton-wk)
-   [@terinjokes](https://github.com/terinjokes)
-   [@svrx](https://github.com/svrx)
-   [@DolceTriade](https://github.com/DolceTriade)
-   [@shadyabhi](https://github.com/shadyabhi)
-   [@blanet](https://github.com/blanet)
-   [@bb-qq](https://github.com/bb-qq)
-   [@byrongrogan](https://github.com/byrongrogan)
-   [@mipearson](https://github.com/mipearson)
-   [@kwangil-ha](https://github.com/kwangil-ha)
-   [@s-yadav](https://github.com/s-yadav)
-   [@lf-](https://github.com/lf-)
-   [@smcallis](https://github.com/smcallis)
-   [@zgrimshell](https://github.com/zgrimshell)
-   [@jlangston](https://github.com/jlangston)

## Share your feedback

> We want to hear what you think about Sourcegraph! If there’s something coming you are curious about or you have a specific feature you want to request,

Reviewer: This is an area where we could sprinkle in some social proof. "Whether you use Sourcegraph 20 times per day or are new to it, we'd love to hear what you think: (bullet list)"

Author: done
